README.md, before:

## Colin Scally

[Projects](#Projects) | [Skills](#Skills) | [Education](#Education) | [Experience](#Experience)


I am a Software Engineer in training, possessing a drive to constantly develop and improve my skills.

I have worked in consultancy for the past 6 years in the areas of information security and trade risk. I have enjoyed these roles, and personally gained a lot from them. However, I have held a desire to focus my career in a more technical area as this aligns to my core strengths. I am currently completing the Makers Academy 12-week software development bootcamp with a view to kickstarting a career in the tech industry.

To find a role with a company which is passionate about its technology, and equally passionate about its people and their development is my goal. I want to find a space where I can grow and develop my skills whilst contributing to a motivated team and a quality product.

## <a name="Projects">Projects</a>

Title   | Timeframe  | What is it?
-- | -- | --
[Deblocracy](https://github.com/cdscally/deblocracy) | 2 weeks | An implementation of a decentralised voting system using smart contract and blockchain technology. Written in Solidity/Javascript and tested using Truffle.
[Newsworthy](https://github.com/cdscally/newsworthy-app) | 1 week | A command-line app written in Python which uses machine learning to classify a piece of writing as 'real news' or 'fake news'.
[Acebook](https://github.com/cdscally/acebook) | 1 week | A Facebook clone written in Rails with functionality to sign in/out, post, comment, like and flag. Includes a 'fake news' designation using a simple blacklist. [Live Deployment](http://theacebook.herokuapp.com/)
[Rock Paper Scissors](https://github.com/cdscally/rps-challenge) | 2 days | A simple Rock, Paper, Scissors game built in Ruby. Locally deployable using Sinatra. Tested using RSpec and Capybara.

## <a name="Skills">Skills</a>

#### Analytical

My education and professional background has equipped me with a strong analytical skillset:
* My most recent role has involved processing and analysis of large volumes of communications data for global banks
* My previous role regularly required analysis of clients' information security management, processes and systems
* My MSc largely involved data synthesis and analysis focusing on crime prevention, and I was awarded a mark of Distinction
* My law degree equipped me with skills in critically evaluating information and the ability to coherently structure an argument

#### Communication

For the previous 6 years I have worked for one of the world's largest consultancy firms in client-facing roles. Clear and concise communication is critical in such roles, and this is an area in which I have developed greatly in recent years. I have gained the maturity and confidence to communicate with colleagues, managers and clients in an effective manner.


#### Adaptability
I have a broad history of experience in a range of fields, including hard sciences, social sciences, law, business and computing. Each of these fields has required particular ways of thinking to succeed, and I have often had to learn very quickly and adapt to new situations.

My recent experience at Makers Academy has, through its immersive approach, required me to pick up many new concepts in a short space of time and implement them - a process which I have greatly enjoyed.


## <a name="Education">Education</a>

#### Makers Academy (May 2017 - July 2017)

- Curiosity and hungry passion for code
- Independent learner and problem-solver
- OOP, TDD, SOLID, MVC, DDD
- Software Craftsmanship
- Ruby, Rails, Javascript
- RSpec, Jasmine

#### University College London (September 2010 - September 2011)

- MSc Crime Science, specialism in crime analysis
- Graduated with Distinction
- Dissertation - implementing statistical model of spatiotemporal data to predict occurrence of residential burglary

#### University College Dublin (September 2005 - May 2010)

- BCL (Bachelor of Civil Law)
- 2:1
- Successful completion of 1 year of BSc Theoretical Physics before changing to BCL as above.

#### Tullamore College (September 1999 - May 2005)

- Irish Leaving Certificate (A-level equivalent): 575 points, placing in 99th percentile nationally. Subjects examined - English, Mathematics, French, Geography, Physics, Applied Mathematics, Art

## <a name="Experience">Experience</a>

KPMG (May 2016 - Present) - Unstructured Data Analytics
* Delivery of projects for a number of global banks in the area of trader risk surveillance - including data receipt, processing, analysis, volume reduction and review
* Management of more junior team members and document reviewers
* Exposure to a number of technologies - Relativity, Nexidia, Nuix, SQL, Alteryx
* Developed broad consulting skills - project management, communications, professional writing, stakeholder management, vendor management, business development
* Developed domain-specific skills - financial and trade risk, analysis of unstructured communications data, forensic data handling

KPMG (September 2011 - May 2016) - Information Security
* Joined KPMG's information security team as a graduate analyst
* Project highlights - delivery of two-year project to protect business critical databases for international oil & gas company, secondment to a government cyber intelligence team, delivery of series of physical and data security reviews for global credit card company
* Experience in cyber and physical security, privacy, business continuity, cyber intelligence, security audit.

Commit message:

updated education with Makers Academy description

README.md, after:

## Colin Scally

[Projects](#Projects) | [Skills](#Skills) | [Education](#Education) | [Experience](#Experience)


I am a Software Engineer in training, possessing a drive to constantly develop and improve my skills.

I have worked in consultancy for the past 6 years in the areas of information security and trade risk. I have enjoyed these roles, and personally gained a lot from them. However, I have held a desire to focus my career in a more technical area as this aligns to my core strengths. I am currently completing the Makers Academy 12-week software development bootcamp with a view to kickstarting a career in the tech industry.

To find a role with a company which is passionate about its technology, and equally passionate about its people and their development is my goal. I want to find a space where I can grow and develop my skills whilst contributing to a motivated team and a quality product.

## <a name="Projects">Projects</a>

Title   | Timeframe  | What is it?
-- | -- | --
[Deblocracy](https://github.com/cdscally/deblocracy) | 2 weeks | An implementation of a decentralised voting system using smart contract and blockchain technology. Written in Solidity/Javascript and tested using Truffle.
[Newsworthy](https://github.com/cdscally/newsworthy-app) | 1 week | A command-line app written in Python which uses machine learning to classify a piece of writing as 'real news' or 'fake news'.
[Acebook](https://github.com/cdscally/acebook) | 1 week | A Facebook clone written in Rails with functionality to sign in/out, post, comment, like and flag. Includes a 'fake news' designation using a simple blacklist. [Live Deployment](http://theacebook.herokuapp.com/)
[Rock Paper Scissors](https://github.com/cdscally/rps-challenge) | 2 days | A simple Rock, Paper, Scissors game built in Ruby. Locally deployable using Sinatra. Tested using RSpec and Capybara.

## <a name="Skills">Skills</a>

#### Analytical

My education and professional background has equipped me with a strong analytical skillset:
* My most recent role has involved processing and analysis of large volumes of communications data for global banks
* My previous role regularly required analysis of clients' information security management, processes and systems
* My MSc largely involved data synthesis and analysis focusing on crime prevention, and I was awarded a mark of Distinction
* My law degree equipped me with skills in critically evaluating information and the ability to coherently structure an argument

#### Communication

For the previous 6 years I have worked for one of the world's largest consultancy firms in client-facing roles. Clear and concise communication is critical in such roles, and this is an area in which I have developed greatly in recent years. I have gained the maturity and confidence to communicate with colleagues, managers and clients in an effective manner.


#### Adaptability
I have a broad history of experience in a range of fields, including hard sciences, social sciences, law, business and computing. Each of these fields has required particular ways of thinking to succeed, and I have often had to learn very quickly and adapt to new situations.

My recent experience at Makers Academy has, through its immersive approach, required me to pick up many new concepts in a short space of time and implement them - a process which I have greatly enjoyed.


## <a name="Education">Education</a>

#### Makers Academy (May 2017 - July 2017)

- I decided to complete the Makers Academy course as I have a passion to quickly learn and build my development skills. The course is structured to reward curiosity, independent learning and problem-solving skills.
- Foundation in development frameworks and best practices such as OOP, TDD, SOLID, MVC
- Exposure to a wide range of languages and frameworks such as Ruby, Rails, Javascript, jQuery, Python, Solidity, RSpec, Jasmine, Capybara

#### University College London (September 2010 - September 2011)

- MSc Crime Science, specialism in crime analysis
- Graduated with Distinction
- Dissertation - implementing statistical model of spatiotemporal data to predict occurrence of residential burglary

#### University College Dublin (September 2005 - May 2010)

- BCL (Bachelor of Civil Law)
- 2:1
- Successful completion of 1 year of BSc Theoretical Physics before changing to BCL as above.

#### Tullamore College (September 1999 - May 2005)

- Irish Leaving Certificate (A-level equivalent): 575 points, placing in 99th percentile nationally. Subjects examined - English, Mathematics, French, Geography, Physics, Applied Mathematics, Art

## <a name="Experience">Experience</a>

KPMG (May 2016 - Present) - Unstructured Data Analytics
* Delivery of projects for a number of global banks in the area of trader risk surveillance - including data receipt, processing, analysis, volume reduction and review
* Management of more junior team members and document reviewers
* Exposure to a number of technologies - Relativity, Nexidia, Nuix, SQL, Alteryx
* Developed broad consulting skills - project management, communications, professional writing, stakeholder management, vendor management, business development
* Developed domain-specific skills - financial and trade risk, analysis of unstructured communications data, forensic data handling

KPMG (September 2011 - May 2016) - Information Security
* Joined KPMG's information security team as a graduate analyst
* Project highlights - delivery of two-year project to protect business critical databases for international oil & gas company, secondment to a government cyber intelligence team, delivery of series of physical and data security reviews for global credit card company
* Experience in cyber and physical security, privacy, business continuity, cyber intelligence, security audit.
